feat: Editorial review for Shared Storage API docs (#30427)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/sharedstorage/set/index.md

---
title: "SharedStorage: set() method"
short-title: set()
slug: Web/API/SharedStorage/set
page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.SharedStorage.set
---

{{APIRef("Shared Storage API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`set()`** method of the
> {{domxref("SharedStorage")}} interface stores a new key/value pair in the current origin's shared storage or updates an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`set()`** method of the {{domxref("SharedStorage")}} interface either stores a new key-value pair in the current origin's shared storage or updates an existing one.
```

## Syntax

```js-nolint
set(key, value)
set(key, value, options)
```

### Parameters

> - `key`
>   - : A string representing the key of the key/value pair you want to add or update.
> - `value`
>   - : A string representing the value you want to add or update.
> - `options` {{optional_inline}}
>   - : An options object containing the following properties:
>     - `ignoreIfPresent`
>       - : A boolean value that, if set to `true`, will cause the set operation to abort if a key/value pair with the specified `key` already exists. The default value, `false`, will cause the set operation to go ahead and overwrite the previous value, in such cases.

Reviewer: `options` object has only one property - `ignoreIfPresent`
```suggestion
- `key`
  - : A string representing the key in the key-value pair that you want to add or update.
- `value`
  - : A string representing the value you want to add or update.
- `options` {{optional_inline}}
  - : An options object containing the following properties:
    - `ignoreIfPresent`
      - : A boolean value. The value `true` causes the set operation to abort if a key/value pair with the specified `key` already exists. The default value `false` causes the set operation to overwrite the previous value.
```

### Return value

A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with `undefined`.

### Exceptions

- In the case of {{domxref("WorkletSharedStorage")}}, the `Promise` rejects with a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} if the worklet module has not been added with {{domxref("Worklet.addModule", "SharedStorageWorklet.addModule()")}}.
- In both cases, the `Promise` rejects with a {{jsxref("TypeError")}} if:
  - The created entry was not successfully stored in the database due to shared storage not being available (for example it is disabled using a browser setting).
  - `key` and/or `value` exceed the browser-defined maximum length.

>   - The calling site does not have the Shared Storage API included in a successful [privacy sandbox enrollment process](/en-US/docs/Web/Privacy/Privacy_sandbox/Enrollment).

Reviewer: similar edit suggestions as on append() page

Author: See above comment
